Wow, that's beauty, then I come.
do the tutorial of another game here in
Portuguese, this goal was also
user and asked me today so I
I'm putting it here on the channel today.
two
I do not know if the cimpor announced is mine and
not the right one but I think he
asked me for this game I'm putting
here the whole game already doing tutorial of
How to download the game in Portuguese
then this simple good first has to
having that almost logical step has to
have oo the program that download files
by torrent that can be obtained in
juárez any such program and the
daemon tools that emulates riding
picture of the games is so done that you
go to the description of this video here and there
below will have a link from the game that goes
open to this channel with this site here
Sorry to see this site here that one
basic step pass click here
already by tower to allow done that already
can close here allowed it to open
something like this here in the
Your computer has been formed there are areas
that you are using is not going to
appear and is also done so low
game will show up I'm here
only the game image alone
only this is done here, you will open it
ten points
add desktop image there
open mount and is very easy even
I played well, well, it's light and fast.
next
the next
kiev on and work yes install the game
I do not think I'll let you include your
flight on the staff and already the vote ready guys
now has installation the game is already
installed
in case you do not have it here I
I recommend that you
We're law so I'm going to give it here.
And I'm going to play the game now and do the
computer control
not only here
copy falls from dollar closed here come here
very easy file location this
tutorial do this is go here paste
do this in the next six conflict
copy and replace
ready now the game is weak than that of
street 20 install the translation
This translation into quiet game addiction only
the game site has a problem
that he is not meeting the then
He is not opening so he will have to
download here by average fay
do not download here normal leaving
link in the video description and now it's
just go to the translation rain files
Where is my translation here?
in games translations you here
executed there saw that no one saw the
body has a problem in this game
specifically the game's vice site does not
is opening so I leave the link
half do expect it here and now and be
simple - the next next next
It's quite easy but
I'm showing you how it goes.
here you will have manual search and then
You guys came here on a local drive.
program files from the folder that
rain down and 2 and open the next
is installing from the production can already
play cause 2 pee will appear at
option is not part of
puts in English and started the game that
will be translated
so this is for the user who asked
this is not giving some error
I suggest to him that he exploded a game that
already have or have had this cause and make
down where I downloaded does exactly the
what am I doing here now here?
It will probably works out
Thank you there and it 's next